welcome to this rousing edition of after
impact we're going deep on my boy Peter
Diamandis and I'm your host Tom William
and I am here with the legend agent
Lynette mr. bill you what is up my
surfing friend how are you doing - doing
great know why why because we refresh
the store it's more a launch yes we did
everybody and can I just say so mad
kudos to the team here so the you guys
big team effort a big team effort these
guys like just took care of it rocked it
and worked your mojo you rallied the not
only the normal secret seven I don't
know why I said secret I guess ss but
whoo God that initial or change that was
never a nickname we did Ida done but
also you rallied the intern army which
is amazing you got powerful force the
entire 40 and in fact didn't chase
design one of the new short is sure that
I'm wearing boom so a new job
yeah what we're calling the impact
Theory surf style shirt why why are we
calling it there's a lot of cyber so
sure it's kind of I'm like what camera
is actually capturing what you do no no
I'm just going to bear to aim aim like
there it is there it is there it is
perfect all right we got a because a lot
of other shirts have like the logo and
then okay cool brand about it Mike I
love this shirt this is a great one now
available on the store now they'll chop
that impact Theory calm please go check
it out we have a ton of new merch
actually we should show some so everyone
tossing the [__] up buttercup that's
what that hashtag bags
TTFN you BC get on it again and then we
have some other shirts our intern are me
and our team you guys want to come and
go to be mobilizing here we were hurt
this let's get out here
what's happening back the whole team
that worked on this relaunch really
should kind of come out because LC
let's go homie Elsie's right now he's
literally refusing to come out she's not
wearing one of the fish salt
yeah we got chase here gonna dine does
this shirt mom percocet what are you
doing [__]
we'll come on come on I'm going to take
a real quick break and you gotta get
that that jacket in here I wish that
jacket was impact Theory I'll tell you
that glaze it equals a Cindy's not know
only the momentum matter sure boom there
it is looking good let me sharp
everybody we don't have all the shirts
on display right now but if you go to
shop that impact Theory comm you can see
them all check it out
mugs indeed nice [__] what would it
take there it is have at it have it I'm
ready I'm ready to have that
conversation um cool well thank you
everybody good to see all the shirts and
I'm going to laugh its most of those
shirts were actually add a frame because
they're too tall yeah that that'll be
that'll be a little area dozen for us
so yeah all right we should probably
dive in now should that's good Peter
Diamandis for those of you who don't
know is a serial entrepreneur he's the
author of the books bold and abundance
he's the founder of the XPrize
organization and singularity University
he's launched a number of successful
businesses and his next ventures
involved figuring out how we can live
forever and mining asteroids so needless
to say he goes big yeah that that is
very true about Peter and he's one of
those guys that really pushes you to
think like how do you really take it to
the next level I remember when we were
like we were having all the success of
questions just growing so fast and
everyone was always asking me like oh my
gosh like how have you guys like had the
guts to like talk about any metabolic
disease and my and Peter was like no but
what's your moonshot and I was like
Peter like it yeah but that's pretty big
and it really pushed me to start
thinking about impacting the entire food
chain and like what does it look like to
really change the way that people are
sourcing ingredients and really going
all the way back and how do you 10x all
of that and I love that about him he is
a really like you guys know each other
very well now you're pretty good for
yeah he's like legitimately like Peter's
one of those guys it's not like
just uh would like a social friend or an
acquaintance that you round to a friend
I know Peter well that's awesome so tell
us about what the XPrize organization is
because I know you're involved with that
yeah so on the innovation board of the
XPrize and the X Prize is all about
solving the world's grandest challenges
by doing incentive prizes so Peter head
read a book called the spirit of st.
Louis which is about Lindbergh's
crossing the Atlantic I'm almost certain
I have not read the book okay and I
certainly didn't know that that was
incentivized by a prize and so there was
this guy that he grew up in Paris and he
was if I'm not mistaken like the
equivalent back then of a billionaire so
I don't know if he actually had a
billion dollars but so he had moved to
New York and so he wanted to be able to
travel home more easily than a boat and
so he created this prize so that he
could and that's why it was from New
York to Paris and I think it was Paris
bidding with France and he did that
because that's where he wanted to fly
and so people ended up spending I don't
know hundreds it was like four hundred
thousand dollars to win a $40,000 prize
and so Peter had written in the margins
like people spent ten times the amount
to solve the puzzle then the person was
on the hook to pay out and so we thought
this could be a really interesting way
to incentivize space and so finding a
way to incentivize private individuals
so rather than being beholden to the
government incentivizing a private
individual to solve the problem and so
that was the launch of the XPrize which
gave birth to the company that virgin
bought and turned into Virgin Galactic
and it was won by Paul Allen one of the
cofounders of Microsoft and the guy I'm
blanking on his name right now but he's
one of the most famous aerospace
engineers like on the planet and they
came in secretly certainly Paul Allen
was a secret and just because they
wanted to see if they could pull it off
yeah and I think they actually spent
more than the prize money building it
just because they were competitive and
wanted to win and there was so much
attention and excitement
on it so it really is a pretty amazing
model for getting people to solve
problems that and this is a key thing
for the XPrize getting people to solve
problems that industry isn't already
solving so there's like that weird spot
in the middle where it's like not right
now it's not lucrative enough for
industry to go in and solve the problem
and I know they pulled one of the prizes
because at first they thought they
needed to incentivize I'm forgetting now
which one but it was something that the
industry began addressing very very
quickly and so they realized but okay
like this isn't something that we have
to solve interesting to take care of it
so it's things in that weird spot so
like cleaning up the ocean is a big one
for them privatized spaceflight was a
big one
you know and some of like it's just
they're really trying to have a roadmap
to really on a long-term scale have
positive impact so one price tax on
another price tax on another price so
they've done multiple for cleaning up
the ocean and things like that so it's
really pretty incredible and Peter says
in this episode that all problems are
only contextually based I love that yeah
could you talk a little bit more about
what he means by that so people
understand so he's talking about like so
his fundamental belief is that any
problem solvable mmm-hmm right but like
that's an easy one to nod but it's like
most people do not believe that right so
if you really believe that any problem
is solvable then the question becomes
how do we go out and solve those and the
reason that he believes that they're
salt and I say that by the way because
when you don't believe the problem is
solvable you don't take the steps the
actions actually solve the problem so
you know hearing some of the great minds
talk about global warming it's like they
just believe it's solvable bit like
there's this great meme where it's like
this person lists all the like things
that would come from solving global
warming and somebody in the audience
goes but what if we create this amazing
world and we're not actually responsible
for the problem in the first place and
it's like well but you still created an
amazing world so it's like what what is
there to push back against other than
right now there's so much money to be
made in things that heat up the
atmosphere but when you take from the
perspective that when you come from the
perspective that Peter comes from which
is this problem
Boal is something that we can do it can
lead into an industry then you begin to
take the steps that to actually solve
the problem so desalination I think is
the perfect example of a contextually
based problem
so what ridiculous percentage of the
earth is covered in water it's like 60
percent or something I mean this really
gets more I think it is more I'll be
really concerned it might be as high as
80 but let's pretend for a second that
it's only 60 so the earth is essentially
covered in water we're considered a
water planet but there's like it's like
1% of water or something that is
drinkable right because the rest has
salt in it so you don't have a water
problem in a salt problem once you
realize that's the truth right the
context is so people think we have a
water problem but really like once you
understand that if you could easily pull
the salt out your water problem goes
away so water shortages are contextually
based we actually have a water with salt
problem in that we're melting the polar
ice caps sea levels are rising so it'd
actually be pretty amazing like if you
could pull some of that water out use it
for things like irrigating like what
happens then right so that that
desalination was the one that really
made me go whoa like it's just just a
shift of context to really rethink the
problem and so aluminium used to be one
of the most precious metals on earth
because we didn't know how to like do
the process of extracting I think it's
electrolysis it's something like that
that actually does makes it really easy
to extract the metal really inexpensive
but to give you an idea the Washington
Monument actually capped with aluminum
the same thing that you make your coke
cans out of so because it was it was
considered so precious it was like look
guys this new country were flushed with
cash like so much we can put aluminum on
that and then you know whatever 30 40
years later it becomes like one of the
most cheapest and ubiquitous metals ever
and that's just context right so once
you have that process of extracting it
it becomes they're cheap so that Peters
making a lot of bets on that and that's
what planetary resources all about is
like okay there's like I think it's he
three so we actually helium shortage on
earth like did you know that no so this
is a couple years ago I was trying to go
like fill some balloons and it stores
like Radda helium and I'm like okay and
like is there like the next route do
they have more helium and they're like
no like it is a global shortage no
helium yes so but like helium is like
just ridiculously abundant on like
asteroids which you would guess so if we
can create the technology and the
devices to go and land on these
asteroids in mind them I think Peter
said that there's like some that are
between one and ten trillion dollar
assets the asteroids depending on how
like because obviously as it becomes
more available it's going to be cheaper
so depending on value to value it for
its availability but that is like that's
dreaming big to me right that's that's
his abundant think when he said that
that there are asteroids that are
trillion dollar assets I was like what
yeah right like I don't need zeros are
in a triode this blew my mind and just
yeah like thinking about the the known
universe in a completely different way
yeah it's like never would even
considered that that would be something
we would want to do or that that had
value right it has so much value so so
really it just for a second let's
pretend that we don't have an audience
and I just want to like the the thing
that excites me the most in life what
happens when you can get people to do
two things one that they allow
themselves to believe that they could
acquire the skills to be capable of
going and mining an asteroid right think
about like just like a random kid could
be really bright like who knows yeah but
they don't believe it like they don't
believe that they're going to be able to
do that and because they don't believe
that they don't they just don't take
your test right they don't go read about
it they don't go learn they don't like
start asking questions and one of the
and I didn't recover it in this
interview cuz I'd already covered it
with Peter but an interviewer once asked
him so he has this idea we're going to
mine these near-earth asteroids we're
going to go huge assets we're going to
build the spacecraft that are needed to
get there and like the moment you say
spacecraft like people like if I like
that's so
audacious that most people are just
going to shut down and I think what
people don't stand is Peter actually has
an aerospace engineering degree from MIT
right like this guy is so rocky like
he's so like and you know me I don't
over value intelligence but when you got
it it's like a nice addition you have a
growth mindset
this dude is like crazy bright and so
he's like okay we can you know build
these spaceships and just has the
willingness to be that audacious and the
interviewer asked him so you know how
much money do you think you'll have to
raise like how are you going to be
profitable like how are you going to
span the next ten years before this is
really viable and Peter was like we're
already profitable because here's what
makes Peter interesting he goes okay I
want to get to near-earth asteroids but
I know that that's like a ten-year gap
right to build the spacecraft and all
that but each piece of technology that
we have to develop along the way is
monetizable and so he first created
things that you can put into satellites
and they look back at earth because he
has to be able to identify what is the
asteroid made up but if you can point a
sensor at an asteroid and say what is
made of you can pointed at the earth can
say what it's made of so you could point
it at crops and say what are those crops
and you could find out globally what's
being planted
what's dying due to you know like
problems with the crops or whatever and
so he was able to make the company
profitable by using those sensors in
other applications and so the second
part of my initial thing that I brought
up which is okay so they allow
themselves to believe and then what
happens when they actually understand
how to execute right so Peter knows both
he knows how to dream big which most
people already they just don't know how
to do that yet anyone right and this is
my obsession anyone can learn how to do
that so literally fundamentally those
are the two problems that I want impact
theory to solve most heavily focused on
teaching people how to think how to
dream so and and how to believe and I'm
just realizing that's a huge part of our
mission getting people to believe that
they can do it yeah so what happens when
you have you know whatever the four new
billion Minds coming online and and
quite frankly ninety-nine percent of the
billion are the the people that are
already online don't believe in
themselves don't believe they don't
understand what
human-animal is truly capable of so what
happens when they believe they can do it
and then they actually learn how to
execute I think that that like we're in
one of these transitional moments so
Michiyo Kaku in his book future physics
I think God will somebody please remind
me to actually look up the title of the
book for some reason I've become
obsessed and I've read this like two
years ago put in the but yeah thank you
but for whatever reason all of a sudden
I'm just keeps coming up and he talks
about how civilizations are basically
tiered I can't remember what word he
uses but a stage five civilization can
harness the power of a star I think
that's the stage that he has of that and
so it's like I feel like we're on this
cusp with AI with nanotechnology with
all that stuff that's coming aboard that
we're about to like level up from stage
one to stage she or whatever stage rat
to go to the next one and that to me is
is I believe truly truly by the way I
truly believe impact Theory us the
people here like we're going to be able
to help in our way with the mentality to
help push us to the next stage as a
civilization yeah and let's talk about
that too because one thing you guys
addressed in the episode was that
there's a lot of fear around AI this
WebSphere around the technology and
Peter said that it's going to there will
be magnitudes of change in the coming
decades yeah so how do we prepare for
that alright so first and foremost
people have to understand what is going
to change to the best of our ability to
predict it because at some point it
becomes unpredictable but to the best of
our ability what are the things that are
going to change and then really really
really learn how to embrace change and
get a good fight about change and
remember you can change your mindset
around anything so let's say that you're
one of those people you're absolutely
terrified to change like you don't want
anything to do with it you can flip the
switch and find a way to get really into
it and I'll give you the like the base
line the base line in fact a chase as my
resident note-taker I'm going to write a
book about how you build your mindset
around things like this
so just like the the actual process
that'll be interesting so book one
getting out of the matrix yeah book two
how to do things like get yourself to
like something that you don't currently
like because it is doable by the way and
walking people through sort of the
neuroscience and all that anyway it's
incredibly powerful it's an area that
most people push back on and this may be
the thing that like impact Theory
filters for right so I would say that
I'm a filter if I can get you to believe
that you can change even fundamental
things like that like what is a great
example okay my wife makes me eat this
manuka honey if you guys ever heard of
it i've actually tasted it okay and it
tastes like flowers taste like a mouth
full of flowers yeah it is not pleasant
in any way shape or form got a licorice
sheet nope because I love licorice okay
it tastes like a mouthful of flowers my
friend and my wife is a big it tastes
like licorice if it tastes like licorice
like you'd have to knock the jar out of
my hand because like real licorice
flavor well let's be really clear fennel
licorice is a flavor so there's no such
thing as red licorice black licorice
okay
licorice is the black stuff that's it
that's what I mean I wanted to make sure
we were talking about the same thing yes
what is it define our terms I I get like
I feel such a ride over licorice and I
don't want to like be relevant because
it's like totally divisive I had no idea
like growing up as a kid I ate a
thinking everybody loves licorice only
to find that one of my most beloved
authors bill Waterson the guy that did
Calvin and Hobbes likened it to writhing
maggots and I was I was crestfallen
because I felt betrayed so I'm yeah I'm
very defensively licorice um but so
manuka honey don't like it but it's like
from a I'm totally obsessed with the
microbiome and I think that I'm like
going deep on the research on this I
think it's I think it's so much bigger
than we think it is and I think really
very few people are really looking at it
to the level that they need to and I
believe that I have single-handedly
allowed my wife to suffer more than she
has needed to because I have not got a
deep enough understanding of that so I'm
really going to go hard on that and as
I'm researching this and really learning
about it
I realized manuka honey is a very
powerful source of probiotics like
naturally and so like I just had to flip
a switch in my mind I may not like the
taste like okay that's irrelevant but I
can get excited about eating it because
I know what it's doing for me so I'm
focusing on that part that is so
powerful and so useful and something I
do in the gym so with the gym I hate
working out so some days I focus on hey
man you're a stud like you're willing to
do this thing that you hate and then
other times Mike I actually want to feel
pleasure right now so I'm going to focus
on the results I'm going to focus on
what it's going to do to my strength
what it's going to do to my physique my
leanness how I feel about myself all
that right so both of those are very
important so I'll be there's a preview
of the book so that all of those things
are possible so people need to really
learn to embrace that change I'm so
proud of myself right now because I have
not gotten lost in any of this I came
back so really like understanding that
you can pull that off like that's that's
really important so you have to learn to
embrace change change is going to be the
scary part understanding where what
things are actually going to change what
jobs are going to go away because that's
the part that's going to freak people
out so when the jobs go away and jobs
that like people aren't thinking about
like those are going to go away there
are people talking about this so just
you can start researching go to credible
sources because I'm sure there's a lot
of inflammatory stuff Peter's a great
place to start he writes about this a
lot very optimistically and I think very
truthfully drivers gone it's gone if
you're a driver right now this stop this
video and I don't often encourage people
to do that stop this video and go start
acquiring other skills if you're a
driver other like doctors going to go
away it's going to go away think about
IBM Watson like if you're my doctor and
I have to worry about what you did last
night and like if it's like did you
sleep well like are do you have any sort
of mental fatigue do you know my entire
history probably not but IBM Watson
could and not only know my history but
know all the people like Facebook their
whole like audiences like who are people
like Tom right and what do they suffer
from and like what react
might be have that are unique to him
that you'll have fed your DNA into it
you'll fed your DNA you'll offend your
the DNA of your microbiome and like a
volume so this is now I'm going hard
today on on impact Theory alumni so two
things while we're on impact Theory
alumni Gary V has launched his new show
go watch it plan of the apps it's
[__] awesome absolutely hilarious
he's so funny he's classic Gary
interrupting people like every two
seconds but his advice is unbelievable
and I really think he's going to be like
the breakout star in that and then biome
which is a company founded by another
impact Theory alum Naveen Jane who's
looking at the RNA of the viruses so in
your biome you should have viruses fungi
and bacteria okay like I'm reading this
book right now called the human super
organism and it talks about how bro what
you think of as you is a shell like
you're literally a car for bacteria
fungi but seriously like creating one
percent of the DNA wrapped in you and
snotty continues so much of it is on you
but in and on you 1% is mammalian one
and now like I'm at the part of the book
where they're talking about like and by
the way there's a saying called gene
transfer where genes can be actually
like the hypothesis and nobody's really
sure to what extent it works with humans
but that genes can be transferred
between organisms and if that's true how
much what we consider mammalian is
actually mammalian and how much of it is
bacterial and viral and fungal like it's
so I think we're at the precipice of
really beginning to understand human
being so anyway like the big thing is
you have to understand change doctors
are going to go away drivers are going
to go away maybe teachers are going to
go away like like imagine a world in
which education is like video games
right and we've talked about this before
right now education is done sort of a
scarcity mindset there can only be so
many A's and we all have to go like at
the same pace like that doesn't make
sense if you give ten kids
video game and say hey but let's say
it's a first-person shooter you give it
to all of them like I remember the first
time that I played a first-person
shooter
you know how spatially disorienting that
was for me like I literally I what is
happening and I was just getting killed
over and over and over because your
brain has to myelin a you have to figure
out like and one I'm bad at spatial
relations anyway so like I was just
slower to learn that but my friend chris
van de pulled her mad shoutout to that
kid he's so good at first-person
shooters so anytime we play together he
just warped me and so it's like if if
that were the education it's like well
he's going to go way faster in that than
I'm but I can get as good as him I just
have to put more time in practice
there's certain things about to get
better up so like if you can make
education like that so that no kid is
left behind that is all a test of
execution it's all about skills so
either you can pass the level or you
can't whatever the thing is history
science mathematics doesn't matter like
you're setting it up in a way where I
get to the point where I can no longer
do it anymore and then I fail and just
like in a video game you die you start
over and then you get a little bit
projects you're learning a new skill
you're figuring it out you're assessing
like once we can make education like
that like I don't know how a teacher
like other than corralling people like
they're just not going to be as good and
one thing my sister's doing this is
[__] interesting and so and I'm also
making a huge bet here on chatbots
and my sister and I are talking about
like what our chatbots what's the future
this going to be I'm trying to turn
myself into a chap out which i think is
very very fascinating and then my sister
is trying to create educational chatbots
so that like Bill and Ted's Excellent
Adventure that you could literally have
a conversation with Lincoln with JFK you
know where you're taking all of this
material all that we know about them
even down to the point where you can get
the chat botanist and today I'm just
going to take her 10 years to get there
but just like Peter she'll start with
something that's monetizable today and
then it grows but you would take it like
his cadence right so the way that he
talks and so the way that he talks to be
different in the way that Lincoln talks
and just could be incredible especially
if we can tap into the power of the
crowd do something like Wikipedia style
so anyway she's working on that and
working with some universities and stuff
is pretty interesting I'm in a good mood
today I'm feeling really energized so I
could keep going but I thought all right
let's uh let's let's go to our
audience here our Facebook live audience
thanks everyone for joining this is a
reminder we have a lot of Giveaways
today for our new merch which is in the
store shop in packed 3.com go check it
out just launched today you can share
this live feed if you're finding value
in it and send a screen grab of that
share to connect it impact 3com you'll
be entered to win an item of your
choosing from the store plus we have
more coming very soon but I want to go
to a question from our Facebook live
audience because we have a lot of people
asking questions I first we'll see some
shout outs though we got a vana gay
Tiant from Maui
yeah that's Dell a Gorham from Montreal
and we have Zanetti Georgia Nicolas
Soros Bravo Greece there it is yeah
should I guess should a yes
Yasuda companies cool so here's a
question from Joshua Martel our boy yeah
3d pop designs mm-hmm my man he says
there was a scene in Star Trek first
contact where there was a pivotal point
in history where something needed to
happen for the history of Star Trek to
happen I just wonder what are the things
that we are doing today that are those
pivotal points in history that are
do-or-die that moves us toward the
future any thoughts from time um I don't
I don't think there are any do-or-die
moments I think that history is life is
sort of like a living organism like you
know how people say anything happens for
everything happens for a reason you
don't believe that but I do believe that
meaning can be extracted from anything
so whatever happens will rebound were
such resilient species yeah so I think
that the stream of life will go where
it's going to go it'll meander it'll be
influenced by beautiful things that
happen terrifying things would happen
but think about it like the the plague
the Spanish flu of 1918 like most people
only talk about it happen right after
World War one so World War one kills
millions of people it's just utterly
devastating and then the Spanish flu
comes along and kills something like 10
times more people than died in the war
nobody ever talks about it like people
were just so like they couldn't handle
any more talk about
and so like I didn't hear about the
Spanish I knew about World War one right
we can all agree about that but I made
it until I was probably in my early 30s
before I heard about the Spanish flu of
so I mean crazy so but something like
that which killed it kid like it it
measured like on the proof it killed
something like 2% of the global
population I mean that's a lot my friend
and people don't even know that you know
like think about the plague the bubonic
plague that hit London it - summated the
population decimated and took it from it
was ridiculous it took it making these
numbers up but emotionally it felt
something like I feel like Trump right
now some alternate facts but like it did
something like take the population of
London from like 2 million down to like
600,000 I mean it's just ridiculous back
no sense of it today right like none of
us worry about it
so there will be catastrophic things
have global warming right we're going to
lose the Maldives piece right which is
going to happen Venice is already
sinking it's crazy like they're already
towns were like the water's coming up
and over we're probably going to lose
like 60% of Manhattan it's not going to
end the world so these are all
terrifying things by the way and I think
we should do everything we can to stop
them but in terms of what do I think or
do or die I don't think their do-or-die
moment
you said that you don't believe that
everything happens for a reason correct
in the episode I'm fascinated I you'll
probably see I do this a lot I pick up
on little like sort of throwaway
comments that's against make because
they always fascinate me the most and he
said something about he's talking about
like the difference between successful
people and unsuccessful and saying that
you know the successful people they have
Drive that grit they have better
experiences to draw upon because they've
you know done things and worked on those
and perhaps a little bit of luck along
the way do you believe in luck a hundred
percent 100 and dude like so first of
all luck is when opportunity means
preparedness so you have to be prepared
and so an infinite amount of luck passes
people by all the time so I don't focus
on the luck part I focus on being ready
for it but there is no question luck
serendipity like whatever you want to
call it like is very real and you need
to be very ready to capitalize on it and
I just really believe like if you focus
on and there's a quote by Larry Bird and
he said I have a theory if you show up
every day and give a hundred and ten
percent things are going to work out
okay that's a paraphrase but that gives
you know I love that like a hundred
percent like if you show there I'm just
trying to be great dude I'm trying to be
[__] great and when I look back so
there's a few areas in my life I'm
literally trying to be world-class okay
one of which is interviewing I am I am
in no uncertain terms I'm trying to be
the globally recognized heavyweight
champion at interviewing period now I
have my reasons for that won't go that
into them here I've been captain tangent
today but that's like really important
to me now because of that like and this
isn't something I can really like give
people a sense of but when we started
this um I had like a billion dollar
brand behind me I felt like like the
company at least like was visible even
if people didn't know who I am and I
would be sitting across from people
interviewing them and I would like a
huge part of what I had to do was get
them to take me seriously because had no
idea who I was they didn't know the
company they didn't know me it was like
Christopher stalked them and got them on
the show like he worked his magic but
they literally they had no context and
so I had to like in a few minutes before
they go on like I tried to give him
context so that they would show up and
play right because that's the big thing
like people sleepwalk through the
interview if they don't like know who
you are
yeah so and now my friend now my friend
literally I have guests when I start
doing the like context setting they're
like you don't have to tell me your
story I know who you are
and that's like whoa like what a change
and it's a change because I'm trying to
be great and so now because of that like
we're getting luckier right we're
getting people on the show that we
wouldn't have been able to get but I
don't fool myself into thinking that
it's not still timing
like they were available they were
coming through la that they how did they
see that first show
Christopher was able to get them on the
phone like there's a thousand pieces
that we can't control the had to come
together for that moment to happen right
but it came together and then I [__]
delivered right and that's the like
that's the big thing so think about
garyvee that was a big win for us right
been trying forever to get him on the
show literally I think over a year yeah
trying to get him on the show almost
happened once and then a schedule fell
apart and by the way his schedule fell
apart is code for he didn't give a [__]
right which I don't take personally by
the way like rightly so he's got a judge
like who are the right people for me to
allocate my time and energy to do I keep
to be relentless with that stuff so I
don't take it personally but like I get
it I wasn't a priority at the time so it
didn't happen but it was like did I
deliver an interview yes or no and I did
right so and people wrote in the
comments and I recognized it on set I
was like yeah [__] like I was so
prepared for that interview that and and
prepared like a thousand ways I knew
Gary story right but that to me is like
you shouldn't be doing an interview if
you don't know somebody's story so I
know a story very well to me that's just
like the anti every interviewer should
know that but then I've done a thousand
things to prepare mentally emotionally
like don't be a vampire
right I see interviewers do that a lot
like they're trying to ride on the jury
and you can see me in my early
interviews trying to be a vampire like
trying to ride on their energy trying to
show up and like show like look at me
look at me and so getting to the point
where I didn't do that so that I could
give Gary an interview that he loved so
that then he would talk about it right
for his own reasons like that's how you
take advantage of luck you be insanely
prepared but don't fool yourself there's
a massive amount of luck in all of this
the timing at Qwest without the timing
if we tried to the same three people try
to do the exact same thing now it
wouldn't work timing
yeah totally lucky on that I I got
pissed off with chasing money at exactly
the right moment what if I'd gotten
pissed off two years later the window
would have been gone so it was like luck
alright that's great I'm with you on
that so
let's let's go to our Facebook live
audience just a reminder here we are on
after impact is the episode where we go
deep into the episode of impact Theory
we're discussing Peter Diamandis today
if you haven't seen the episode it's a
really fascinating one and it's a it's a
follow up from the original inside quest
episode with Peter Diamandis which is
also great we are giving away all kinds
of new merch because our store just
launched so I have a question for our
audience Peter says there are three
things and this is around the time when
he's talking about his kids and how to
instill greatness in them and there are
three things that people need in order
to be successful if you know what those
three things are put them in the
comments right now and you will be
entered to win an item of your choosing
from the store and let's go to another
question here on Marv audience so this
one is from Jeanette who got a shout out
and do we really have a lot of questions
like should we try to do some rapid fire
we can yeah all right let's do rapid
fire all right Keith this is a long
question for so we'll find we will see
how far we can get Peter is worried that
he isn't able to impact his kids the way
he is dad impacted him through being a
survivor
what is the modern-day equivalent to
that form of survival only because where
we are right now is so abundant in
information and opportunities but
increasingly lacking the right type of
mindset or tools to deal with all the
technological advancement cacophony I
can only tell you this that if I had
kids the strategy that I would use lead
by example they need to see me suffer
they need to see me being willing to
suffer and I think suffering is hugely
important so they need to see the amount
of effort that I put in they need to see
moments like me playing my flu game
where I have the flu legitimately I'm on
my ass and I still get up I do the
research I [__] write the intros and
I do two interviews back-to-back on the
same day
whenever you're like really sick you
have three days that are absolute hell
and of course day two and day three of
the hell we're prep and performance yeah
so it was a nightmare they need to see
that and I think that then getting them
in situations where they have to suffer
and I've heard cool things I think it
was from Angela Duckworth the author of
grit where if her kids sign up for some
they don't force them to but if you sign
up for ballet your ass is doing it for a
year no offense or butts so if you want
to quit too bad in quit at the end of
the year it's your night
once you're in you're in for a year I
love that claim glad you like that so
another question is from Jay Velasco
hello from Orange County where do you
think AI is going to make the greatest
impact medicine health 100% cool from
Corey G rota where do you feel the
workforce will shift to after AI becomes
a larger factor I haven't thought enough
about it to give you a really
intelligent answer but humans have a way
of finding the gaps so we're going to
fill the gaps and God if I could just
beg everyone to follow your bliss
so wherever that takes you whatever hole
opens up fill that and please please
please like don't think because you've
always done it one way or that you have
a current frame of reference based on
your age when you grew up and all that
stuff that that's how it has to be like
get out of that start using snapchat
start like take the five things you find
most ridiculous about kids and engross
yourself go in fall in love I was so
paranoid about social media when it
first came out that I'd lie excuse me
about my birth date on Facebook I was
just convinced someone's going to steal
my identity and so I lied about it
literally with that fear and now I'm
like all I do all day is social media
because I'm very happy to change my
context whenever needed to stay fresh
cool there's a lot of questions in here
I'm actually noticing now that our about
jobs and I do it what's going to all
about what skills should we learn if
jobs are going to get replaced by AI
all right the the big thing is really
learning how to adapt so understanding
the way that the human mind can adapt
and going out and I think one of the
things that we have to realize now is
certainly every 10 years reinvent
yourself and that's something that
people just don't do I think that's
probably going to shorten a little bit
maybe it gets to seven six years like
it's going to crush down and so people
have to have the framework like I know
how to learn I know how to begin to very
big an arduous process of learning it
like the microbiome is gigantic right
and with the tools that we have today oh
my god like it's so easy its offense
when people are paralyzed like I don't
know where to sit why o UT ube calm drop
into the search box the [__] term
drop in microbiome and then pick the one
that looks most like a cartoon most like
it same as a child start there you begin
to get the terms the terms you don't
understand actually hit pause go look
them up like I remember so I wanted a
bigger vocabulary so what did I do
[__] red Clive Barker because that
meant vocabulary makes me want to punch
him in the head it is so amazing and it
makes me feel so badly about myself and
I would highlight the word and because I
didn't want to like totally [__] up my
flow if I could get the gist from the
the sentence I would just move on if I
couldn't I would look it up right then
so I carried Clive Barker and I carried
a dictionary this is like pre cellphones
kids so I had those two with me wherever
I went and like if I was on the subway
or something then I would be reading
highlight look up the ones I had - and
then at night I would have the
discipline before I went to bed I would
look up every word that I'd highlighted
and I would write down what it meant and
like that's how you expand your
vocabulary so you literally go through
do that learning how to learn that I'll
stop there there's so much more but
let's go to the notes what's your I want
to dive in a little bit deeper here what
is your prob appoint out that jared is
[__] up the rapid-fire yeah you can
say [__] it up or actually enriching
this discussion I think you however you
want to look higher enriched Oh what is
your process right now for studying the
microbiome okay so first learning yeah
so I went on audible.com and I looked up
books that had amazing a lot of reviews
and amazing reviews so 4.5 - five stars
and making sure that they have
manaphy of north of a thousand reviews
like you almost can't lose and so
finding a book that just had a lot of
reviews really high rating sounded like
it was exactly what I wanted to know and
then I went in so any book that has like
I don't remember how much does maybe
this one only had 150 I don't remember
but any book that has like a lot of
reviews on even a really big topic means
that it's accessible to the masses
that's key because some people can write
for the masses in some can't so that
that was big so I started in that book
and then I would just hit pause like
every time he said something I didn't
understand and I would look it up and
sometimes I'd watch like entire videos
on it on so this book is going to take
me forever to read let's just start
there because there's so much
information and I don't understand like
he would say organelle and I'm like what
the [__] is an organelle and so I'd have
to go look that okay I get it right he'd
be like organisms are broken into three
types and like you're there in a hole
and I'd have to go look up each one but
like when you're not afraid to be
ignorant and I am I'm just not afraid to
be ignorant so because that's how you
empower yourself so okay cool I don't
understand that that seems like I should
probably understand it and ever things
that I looked up and then realize like
he just moved on from it and
psychologies I didn't really need that
right now but you can't take that
knowledge away now I've got it yay I'm
taking copious notes and then I'm
literally every morning so when I eat my
breakfast
I let myself watch something I want to
watch on YouTube so a lot of times it's
you know inspiring videos or something
about marketing or whatever now it's
just all microbiome so this morning was
eating my chips I'm watching you know
videos on the microbiome and just trying
to figure it out and I really do start
with like now I've gotten to the point
where I don't need the cartoony ones
anymore but like I started there and now
I'm like so at first I literally put it
microbiome and so you're going to get
the most generic most basic and you'll
find that the microbiome videos all have
a loop just like in an interview I'm
trying to find the person so when do
people start repeating themselves so
you're the same thing over and over so I
watch a bunch of videos I find the loop
of like the really basic what's the
microbiome and they talk about how you
have some in your gut and some in your
mouth is them in your skin and that's
like sort of the basic loop and that
they work in conjunction with us and
that we're actually only 1% of our DNA
is mammalian and 99% is bacterial fungal
and viral and okay like I got that loop
now yeah so now I've added microbiome
research now research is like one of
those heavy words I know it's going to
take me upstream so and I'll just keep
refining my searches longer and longer
tail maybe it'll be a concept that
really jumps out to me also I want to
find out where is the friction like
where a scientist is green I'm not there
yet I know that's where I'll get in the
future like right now in the next
question what do you do and that happens
well then you have to develop a
worldview you have that you have to come
to because
here's like and this is something that
I'm on a tear on socially like if you
actually want to get ahead you need to
have a real world view like where you
believe certain things and you don't
believe others right if you're just
chasing somebody you'll never be as good
as them because they're going to go
somewhere counterintuitive and you'd be
like well I never would guess they would
say that but because they have like this
instinct they've got a worldview there's
something inside them just so they'll
hear something go that doesn't ring true
like everything that I know and they're
willing to trust their gut and push in
that direction and at least learn and
maybe the end of being wrong but like
they're willing to go down that path so
you can't handle the friction until you
really know like what is I understand
how this works like I get the
functioning of this and so the example
I'll give so the medical device company
neuro valence I've gotten involved with
my whole thing was like they're pitching
me this device and they're talking about
how uses the vestibular nerve to shorter
weight loss and I'm like wow oh like
I've never heard that before so now
they're outside my worldview right and
so they're explaining like here's why we
think it works that the body basically
is like an iPhone it just has sensors it
doesn't count calories which is true
about the body by the way the body
doesn't track how many calories you've
taken in so it's like wait a second body
doesn't know how many calories have
taken in like how does it determine
whether to up ramped metabolism or not
and so their whole thing is movement and
the vestibular nerve tracks movement so
if that's true and like you know it's
it's it's basically zapping you and
telling you vestibular nerve wow I'm
like moving all over the place it's like
don't store fat lean body mass it's all
we need
and so as he's saying and I'm like okay
wait a second now you've clicked into my
worldview because the only thing I know
that's associated with exercise beyond
fat loss is anxiety and depression so
now right now all of a sudden and this
is where I think they decided they
wanted to be involved with me was I said
wait a second if that's true then this
should impact anxiety and depression and
they were like that's exactly where the
research is now but that's just me going
I know how something works I and and by
that I mean I know there's some
correlation even though I don't know
what it is and I can't even say that its
causation but I know there's some
correlation between being active and
being fit
anxiety and depression right you just
read the literature people are going to
tell you hey you're feeling anxious and
depressed go [__] work out and I see
them myself I feel it in myself so I
know that it's real from an experiential
standpoint so once you've got a broad
enough understanding and you trust
yourself then you find these moments
where it clicks and you're like I
actually know how this works and once
you have that then when you find the
friction in the science you may be wrong
but you'll pick a side right and you go
Cathy I think this is interesting and
then the really really important part
once you pick a side and you get real
cocky and you really think you
understand it this is where we separate
the men from the boys
can you fear Dogma more than you fear
anything else so once I pick a side I'm
like I want to read the things that
argue against this like so for instance
I'm a meat-eater
and I really believe I really believe
from a health standpoint that it's
imperative and I get it terrible for the
environment terrible but it's good for
the human I really believe that I've
seen the effects on my own life so when
I'm doing researching the microbiome and
I come across a vegan video and the
vegan is essentially making fun of
people to eat meat like how crazy and
this study shows and like how could you
even eat meat after a reading and it's
like I have the same impulse everybody
else has wow this crazy woman what does
she know like silly vegan and then I'm
like wait a second what if she's right
like really open yourself to that like
would I not be prepared to change of
course I would like I don't need to eat
meat I only eat meat because I think
it's advantageous but I am very open to
being wrong so you have to open your
mindset now if I'm not convinced it's
not compelling like that's a whole
nother thing but to shut your mind up to
it and you have to train yourself to
feel that impulse like I felt the
impulse to turn the video off and go to
something else and I thought this is
this is how you screw yourself and so I
was like cool I recognize that impulse
I'm going to in through my nose out
through my mouth and I'm for a second
I'm gonna sit at this woman's feet and
I'm gonna find out in what way she knows
more than me and what way she's superior
to me I'm gonna learn from her
and I'm going to learn with an open mind
I'm going to want it to change me and
then if it does and it doesn't
but like if you can really put yourself
in that state works like for the next
whatever ten minutes of this video I
really want her to be right because it
would be a new piece of information that
will move me forward that is so
important and so few people do that but
then at some point you have to still
make the decision like I was going to
actually believe it I don't believe this
okay
awesome all right wow we are rapidly
running out of time today do we have a
winner from our from the comments
Jumaane Brera our boy from Tacoma first
of all let's talk about that and then
second like he's an early adopter Jomon
even with us for a while and he let us
brutalizes and we probably still are but
from what we can tell in his phonetic
via typing there were at least closer
thanks equip Homme
he let us brutalize his name for a very
long four weeks and we had and he's
always active in the comments so we
appreciated Jumaane you've just won any
item from the store that you want get in
contact with us send us a message at
connected impact theory and we'll make
that happen and you had a question so
we'll go ahead and ask that right now
Peter talked about the three things that
he focuses on this is the answer the
question to instill and his kids passion
slash self learning curiosity and grit
what do you think of that strategy for
teaching others I think it's brilliant
and I think that Peters Parata and I
haven't spent enough time thinking about
it I reserve the right to change my mind
later but it sounds to me on the surface
like he's nailed it that's like the
fundamental that's the foundation and if
you can get that that that really will
work and to me it's about that it's
about boiling it down to the physics
like what are the physics of the human
condition I think he's got his finger on
the three if using it like self-directed
learning where you just care you're
excited no one has to tell me to play
video games I love playing video games
no I have to tell me to read I love
reading
and like with the microbiome I've become
obsessed because it's a problem in my
life like my wife suffers because I have
not solved this problem it's all my
fault like we know my whole stance so
like it's not going to solve itself I've
got to go in and I've got to learn and
I've got to have the willingness to
believe I'm going to figure something
out that other people haven't that
um yeah like the arrogance of beliefs oh
yeah which one would you tackle first
grit and how I know he's got an
interesting strategy which is just to
repeat to them like what's the one thing
we don't do we don't give up now there's
an advanced class element there you have
to know when to give up and I wrote a
whole article about that but as like a
foundational element that's really
really important and then I just come
back to lead by example like for them to
see him so excitedly and so dogged ly
pursue things and Peter noone Goggins is
the grittiest person I know but in terms
of a business application Peter's the
greatest person I know it's what like
when you really hear his whole story it
is unbelievable and it's not a surprise
that this guy has gotten to where he's
gone in life I mean he is he is
tenacious like he just he went to
somebody at the FAA dude and they were
just shutting him down shutting because
he wanted to get zero-g flight and so
the parabolic arcs which I've done it is
it is transformative I we all know I
have not yet done psychedelics if I had
to guess this is the closest thing to
that were it it shifted my perspective
so rapidly and beautifully that I was
for like two hours afterwards I was in
an altered state it was unbelievable but
anyway he wanted to bring that to people
and FAA told him notes never gonna
happen and he told the woman you'll
retire before I give up and he literally
outlast there he kept going and finally
got it approved and now it's like a
whole business and yeah it's amazing and
that's Peter in a nutshell yeah and
speaking of his his background and how
he grew up he says in the episode you
know he studied medicine because that's
what his parents wanted him to do he got
his diploma and then went and did
something else and I just wonder what
what advice would you have for people
who and this happens to all of us I
think you get a lot of pressure either
familiar familiar from someone else to
go and down a certain path to pursue a
certain career and it may not be right
for you
he kind of found a compromise within his
family
that is that the right strategy now I
think it's pretty dumb it's so sweet of
him and I get it in a Greek family like
the amount of pressure is pretty
overwhelming TV TV TV anybody anybody so
the amount of pressure really is
overwhelming to be a good boy to make
your parents proud and happy and so I
like get it but I just really think man
the sooner you find that the sooner you
find the thing that makes you come alive
like how much farther ahead could Peter
have been because he doesn't use his
degree for anything and maybe it helps
him look like the longevity stuff that
he's doing so maybe he's found that way
to sort of rationalize it but he wasn't
paying attention like he could or should
because that's just that wasn't his
passion yeah and I just think that
passion is the thing that gives you the
energy to keep fighting the focus and
all of that I think you need to be so
confident and comfortable and who you
are that people will accept you and I
think that it is such a dangerous game
to try to please other people
because 99.999% of the world and I'll
say maybe in middle age you get so fed
up and like a couple of your friends die
and you realize like what am i doing and
you wake up at forty five fifty years
old but that that to me is is tragic so
the earlier that you can say I don't I
love you mom I love you with all of my
heart but I don't care what you think
about my life so I'm gonna do what makes
me feel alive I'm going to follow my
bliss and I'm going to be compassionate
and empathetic toward you in your
situation and all the fears that make
you worry for me but I'm certainly not
going to let that dictate my life of it
it is patently absurd to me yeah I
actually have some experience with this
in my own life and I thought at the time
that it was going to you know cause a
big problem in my family but now it's
not a big deal at all but when I was in
college I was studying I went into study
Business & Economics
because I was kind of like yeah I'm sort
of interested I don't really know what I
want to do yet right and I was minoring
in English
and there was a point at which I was
just like I'm having so much more fun
and I'm so much more passionate about my
English classes in my business classes
and I was at that stage where I needed
to like fully get into the major or
something different and I was fortunate
enough that my parents are amazing and
they were funding my my tuition and I
told them I remember calling them and I
said I'm gonna switch my major to
English and they just thought that there
was just a long silence on the phone and
they thought that they were outraged if
I wasn't stupid this idea you know
you're not going to get a job like what
are you gonna do teach and my mom's a
teacher and she's like shouldn't do that
if your career path and they said well
if you do that we're not going to
support you anymore in college Wow and I
said do what you need to do I'll pick up
part-time jobs and do what I need to do
but this is important for me that
actually makes me want to cry that's so
weird like that's so powerful to me like
what a [__] amazing story that you
found yourself stood up to that did what
like do what you've got to do man I'm
really moved by that that's [__]
powerful and I'm almost certain you've
told me that story before but it's
hitting me a new again
that is incredible that's guts but
here's the best part about the stories
like I'm sure I came off as a jerk at
that time to my parents but like a year
or two ago I was talking to my mom about
it and she said you know when you did
that I was kind of I was very worried
for you because they just wanted the
best for me right right and I was kind
of I was really upset with you but then
when I got off the phone I was like that
kid has some guts yeah and she's lucky
earned a lot of respect with me and so
it was like it all worked out in the
Anna is what is what I was trying to get
at but yeah and just this is going to be
a little indulgence I'm sure at a time
but you actually have a really awesome
business mind like you're so curious to
see where you continue to go and the
company because it's like you're really
good at the organizational like you're a
phenomenal manager like you know how to
rally people get them pointed like to
help them see like a pad like it's
really fun I'm so
grateful and you know I've talked about
this I'm not like surprising within
Edith but like I'm really really
impressed with that side of your
personality so you could have like I
mean finished the business thing and
crushed it but it's interesting that you
recognize that about yourself and here's
something that's important for people to
hear and understand like he's still good
at that stuff like whether you went to
English class or not like you've
recognized things as being important
you've put the time and effort into
getting good at them and so now you can
execute on both like you're very
creative and you know I guess it's not a
mistake that you're at a media company
and but at the same time you're able to
play a bunch of different roles which to
me is the definition of an entrepreneur
like somebody's things like an
entrepreneur they're not just saying
well but that's not my role like you're
never like you never stay in your lane I
[__] love that so much I admire that
I think it's amazing so respect your
parents for giving you a crucible to
make it through I think that gasps and
and the and the in the end my parents
still supported me which is that and the
ultimately even better I really
appreciate that in that one that will
always always be grateful to them for
that alright let's let's wrap it up here
I think we have time for one or two more
questions I just want to remind everyone
we just launched our new merch in the
store so go check it out shop it in shop
in pack 3com we're also going to be
giving away some more so you can share
this live feed and send us a screengrab
if you want to wear your shirt your
impacted shirt if you have one hashtag
impactive is put it on social put the
link in your posts to shop impact Theory
comm help us share about this new merch
out there and we will also give you
enter you to win an item from the store
if you don't have a shirt and you just
want to like let everyone know that hey
impact Theory's got some got some stuff
up there we got some mugs we got some
posters the posters are sick I don't
think you've seen I haven't seen yeah
check out the posters we're going to get
some samples in here soon hi so let's do
a couple more questions
Oh have one more announcement this is
from intern Molly McCleary Molly
percocet
and is a LC they LCD just put up a blog
post this is where everyone on the
impact theory team I don't know if it's
everyone but a lot of us are sharing
about our thoughts on the story relaunch
a thoughts on what the impact Theory
shirt means to us nice and empowering
narratives mother and somebody has their
hands in front of their face so maybe I
okay okay so we're sharing some stuff
there about what impact Theory means to
us go check that out and then let's do a
couple questions all right this is from
Tiffany Farrington what diet slash
lifestyle changes have you made as a
result of your microbiome slash gut
health research none yet so the changes
that I made were from before so at Qwest
we were going really hard on the
microbiome so in fairness like I did
have a decent base from that so that's
where the manuka honey came from bananas
like and pieces kids like I don't dive
in on a whole banana and nature's candy
but like a piece of a banana
you know once or twice a week like a
teaspoon full of manuka honey I'm not
like dropping it my tea and like there's
its sugar so I still like avoid that but
so yeah I haven't diversity is the thing
that I really think about a lot with the
microbiome just getting things the
biggest change I've made isn't even to
my diet and this is going to freak
people out like I used to be germaphobic
and I would carry a hand sanitizer with
me wherever I went I've actually lived
with it I'm hand sanitizer on my lips
before like if I felt like I touched
something in oh god what are we doing
like like if somebody was sick like
that's like obsessive and realizing and
this is critical like understanding that
if you have obsessive behavior it's a
neurological condition you can unwind
that [__] now if you have a truly
pathological condition I get a go seek
help all that like OCD is like a real
thing like that's not I'm not talking
about that I'm talking sort of just
you've like built it up in your own mind
until I was like that hand sanitizer and
then I realized like dude
like some huge percentage of the
bacteria that you encounter is
advantageous and so to be creating this
sterile environment for yourself is the
problem like it is the problem so now I
wash my hands a lot less and as somebody
who used to be like really skeeved out
by that like I get it like that's super
weird but yeah like if I used to wash my
hands Noby I used to wash man's until
they'd crack and bleed yeah so that was
the scary level that they're on because
I hate being sick more than I can tell
you and realizing now I'm creating
problems for myself by doing that that
was probably like the biggest
fundamental where that was like a core
part of my identity was being germ-free
not getting sick like all of that and
really just embracing that okay look if
I get sick it is what it is but to have
my microbiome be so out of whack because
I'm so sterile like I think there's
longevity issues there and I think that
it only exacerbates and gets worse so I
actually fantasize no real I mean we
have a little bit of dirt in our yard
but it's like I actually think about
going and playing on a farm like touch
dirt like get dirt on you like pull a
carrot out of the ground and just eat it
like with dirt like brush it off and eat
it yeah like don't go wash it like I
think there's probably some pretty
serious advantages to that cool all
right
well I think we should wrap it up there
all right well everybody thank you so
much for joining us today and letting us
go hard on pimping our store we
associate that also let us know by the
way if there's something you want to see
in the store that's not already there
we're all about it these are still very
early days we're going to continue
making that more and more robust but
yeah let us know what you want to see in
there this is weekly show so if you
haven't already be sure to subscribe and
by the way thank you guys out we are
growing so fast in a crazy town we are
so grateful and just remember that you
empower us to do more and more amazing
stuffs the bigger the numbers easier it
is to get amazing guests so on and so
forth so that really really helps and if
you believe in our mission and actually
think that we can have global impact on
the mentality that we were talking about
earlier we need followers because that's
in today's social influencer age the
follower count is all that matters to
everybody that leaves comments by the
way this community is so engaged like
we're we're insanely grateful and I
spend a lot of my time I spend two hours
a day every day I mean there are
exceptions like when I have the flu [__]
everybody like I didn't care about
anything that's Sonia but you have a so
painful yeah but like barring that seven
days a week I'm spending time answering
questions responding to comments I don't
think a single one of them for granted
so thank you guys I'm telling you I hope
you guys feel it this community is
unlike anything out there on the web
like it's just crazy and we're starting
to be recognized for that like people
get it they understand that we're doing
something special that is all you guys
we're just scary grateful we talked
about you behind your back all the time
about what we're building about how
grateful we are and there's so many
people in the community that are so
active we know who you are we think
about you we talk about you by name some
of you have some crazy-ass screen names
but nonetheless we are very grateful so
thank you guys all so much and until
next time be legendary my friends take
care